TPS Activity 1

1. Before we use a new tool, we will need to find out how to use it. MARS DOES NOT mean that MIPS
is an alien language (well, sort of). Work with your partner and find out what MARS stands for.
    MIPS Assembler and Runtime Simulator

5. Follow Part 1 : Basic MARS Use in the tutorial using Fibonacci.asm and discuss the following
questions:
    a. How do you load an assembly file?
    b. How do you assemble (compile) the program?
    c. How do you run the assembled program?
    d. Can you run a program before assembling it?
    e. If you want to run the assembled program line by line, how to do it?
    f. How do you run the program again after it has finished running?


TPS Activity 2

1. What do the .data, .word, .text directives mean (i.e., what do you put in each section)?
    For .data section this is where you put static varaibles or constants.
    For .word section this allocates 32bits typically for integers.
    For .text section this is where the program's instructions go.
2. What does line 10 do?
    Line 10 compares $t0 with zero and jumps to finish if true.
3. What does line 15 do?
    Line 15 jumps up back to fib which is line 10.
4. How do you set a breakpoint in MARS? Set breakpoint on line 15 and list the steps of achieving this.
    You want to first assemble the program and then go to the Execute tab and on the first window there will be a column named Bkpt where you check it to create a breakpoint in the program.
5. After your program stops because of a breakpoint, how do you continue to execute your code? How do
you step through your code?
    You continue the program using the the run program and next step button.
6. How can you find out the content of a register? How do you modify the value of a register manually
while running the program?
    The content of a register is located to the right of the screen where you can double click any of the values and change them.
7. At what address is n stored in memory? Calculate the 13th fib number by modifying this memory
location.
    The address that n is stored in is 0x10010000. 
8. Line 19 and 21 use the syscall instruction. What is it and how do you use it?
    li      $v0, 1	this is telling the os to print out a integer value
	syscall			this calls the os to print put the integer
	li      $v0, 10	this is the system code to tell the os terminate the program
	syscall	        the os then terminates the program
